you feel strange
your entire body is itching and you
can't move your arms and legs
what on earth happened while you were
snoozing okay
don't panic just yet it must be just a
bad dream
you open your eyes and look around
cautiously the next moment
you're internally screaming in horror
you don't see familiar colors
it feels as if you're in a club under
bright neon
lights everything around is blue or
green or violet
you can't distinguish the red poppies
which and you're pretty sure about this
decorate your wallpaper time to admit it
you see the world in the uv spectrum and
blue
violet and purple colors seem the most
alluring to you
then you suddenly realize that
everything around is big
really big your pillow looks like a
small everest
and the ceiling seems to be miles away
no wonder it freaks you out
you're about the size of a paper clip
even worse
your head wouldn't move far enough for
you to examine your body
you decide it's time to crack the
mystery of your altered vision and teeny
size
all you need to do is get to the mirror
you try to sit up in your bed
no such luck your limbs wouldn't respond
to your brain's orders
all of a sudden your body starts to
behave as if on its own
something moves behind your back and you
find yourself
hovering in the air uh oh you have a
foreboding you won't like what you're
about to see in the mirror
you fly and just how insane does that
sound
closer to the mirror another internal
shriek
your body is rather slender and furry
you can't figure out its color but you
see enough to understand its kind of
stripe
you look at your four wings the front
ones much
larger than the hind ones you move your
six
tiny legs well there's no use denying
the obvious
you're a honey bee that would explain
the way you perceive colors
seeing the world in uv allows bees to
spot landing strips
those guide the insects to the nectar
they gather
now you have another problem at hand you
need to figure out what type of bee you
are
are you the queen a drone a worker huh
gotta be cool you don't see any other
bees
that would be the queen's attendance
following her around all day
feeding and cleaning plus you woke up
outside the hive
and the queen hardly ever leaves it if
she does
it's either to mate which happens in the
first two or three weeks of her life and
never repeats or to leave the hive
that's become overcrowded
in this case the worker bees stop
feeding the queen to slim her down
otherwise she won't be able to fly so
you aren't the queen maybe it's for the
better despite the title such bees don't
manage to hive or order
work bees around her main function is to
lay eggs
and boy is she good at that the queen
can lay up to 2 000 eggs a day it's
around
one egg every 43 seconds busy as a
bee well maybe you're a drone bee
those are male bees that only live in
the spring and summer and have a bad
reputation
they're rumored to be fat lazy and
hungry
they don't make honey but they love to
munch on it
they don't protect the queen or the hive
but they need protection
they don't clean the place or build
anything they don't even have a stinger
the only task is to mate with the queen
and spread healthy jeans
ah but that's pretty important it
doesn't look as if you're a drone bee
though
they have large eyes and a wide body
your eyes are medium sized and you have
a tiny waist
it means you're a worker bee but which
one
a house bee a nurse a builder a cleaner
a queen attendant an undertaker or
maybe you're a guard or a forager no
matter what you better
behave you're right in the middle of
your musings when a heavenly aroma hits
you
what can smell that awesome the window
was closed
but you managed to squeeze through a
narrow crack
ah freedom hey that's the source of the
smell
lavender flowers you come closer and
land on one of them
pollen grains begin to stick to your
furry legs sometime later
all the pollen you've gathered is
securely packed in
pollen baskets on your hind legs long
hairs covering them
help to hold it in place while you're
flying wow but this loads heavy
well a bee can carry half its body
weight in these saddle bags
suddenly you hear some buzzing and spot
another bee on the flower next to you
to your confusion the bee also notices
you and starts to
dance hey what's the buzz tell me what's
happening
yet the most horrifying thing is that
your body is answering it with a dance
of its own
too bad you're still awful at this bee
language and can't figure out what
all the swaying and waggling means after
flying and gathering pollen for what
feels like
hours you feel exhausted you've been
working a lot
having flown almost six miles sometimes
at a speed of 15 miles per hour
you're so tired that your little wings
can't move anymore
and you fall down on the sidewalk great
you'll just have a rest for a oh
suddenly you feel the ground starts
vibrating
in a moment a huge shadow covers the sun
is it it's someone's foot at least you
can say you've lived a good life
but wait the foot stops and then it
moves away
you decide to rest there for a while and
then go on hunting for food
oh no the ground's shaking again the
feet are returning
you feel some mysterious force lifting
you off the ground
and then the most delicious smell hits
your antenna
water mixed with sugar this human knows
the trick
you hungrily gulp down this ambrosia and
almost
instantly feel as fresh as a cucumber
your wings start quartering and you rise
into the air
thank you kind human but it's time for
you to fly to your work
but just as you start gaining speed you
feel something huge hit you
and then darkness
why does your body hurt so much oh
barnacles
you're a bee you open your eyes and look
at your legs and arms
wiggle your fingers and toes so it's
been just a dream
what a relief only why are you lying on
the ground near the road
rather than in your cozy bed